the world has a way of changing but
there's one thing
that always stays the same you miss the
old life
deal every day
crank it all the way up
so who would like to start
mr barnes why does sam aggravate you
15 seconds to drop so what's our plan
hey great
[Music]
superheroes cannot be allowed
to exist
[Music]
i have no intention to leave my work
unfinished
the wall's upside down right now
where do we start
i have a plan oh yeah what is it
is you ready ready here we go again huh
we've been grinding hard on the job
hello girl kick your ass
see that wasn't so hard are you ready
is you ready ready okay you ready what
are you doing
ready are you having a staring contest
are you ready
ready just blank sweet
jesus i mean how old are you
[Music]
are we there yet this beach it's
beautiful
my swimsuit is hurting they do look
small come on let's play hide and seek
have you seen my children mom i'm right
here
he was six years old this morning oh no
mom i'm scared there's something wrong
with this beach we were chosen for a
reason
what's happening i don't know i can't
think
old only in theaters this summer i am
king akim jaffer
and i believe you are the heir to the
throne of the munda
yeah my father coming to america i shall
bring queens to zamunda he's supposed to
be prince of wakanda
wakanda is a fictional place not to
everybody
march 5th ready pg-13 only on prime
video
just discovered that i may have a son
here in this land how much child support
is she getting from the king pays no
child support no child support for 30
years when you came back
use a dummy
here we go hello i am nakeem jaffe king
of zumunda
he's supposed to be like the prince of
wakanda wakanda is a fictional place not
everybody so munda is a very real nation
i don't need no handouts
[Applause]
and my mom's and his mom's
children this is your brother hey kwai
i'm sorry i slept with your man this
happened before we even met
it's not like you're the first man i've
ever been with
what did you just say about the other
men coming to america now it's coming to
me i always thought that mika was going
to be queen
a woman isn't allowed to lose amunda
it's the law
did it ever occur to you that megan
wanted to be your heir
would you dare banish me from my own
bedroom
you must be strong and general izzy
would love nothing more than to take
over zamunda
[Laughter]
i'm a king i'm gonna put your hands
together like that
say it again
i must admit your style is far into my
kingdom but it's impressive
that's right there you go let me hear
you say hey ho hey ho
no no no no that's my mother oh don't
you say no not to his mother
nephew
coming to america now it's coming to me
can anyone hear me
a your father is no longer of use to us
you have something we want
do you think this is a game the way we
should
aria we're out of time
[Music]
i've kept everything you can do hidden
hoping to prevent them from finding you
what am i
everything you need to know is
wake up
[Music]
good evening
oh wait you're just a civilian now
mr james ford general ryan is requesting
your
inimitable counsel no
he's offered to reinstate you
from the top four hours ago the crew of
the vander made first contact
stay there
they believe we're hostile
in the event of first contact humanity
must strike first
to ensure the continued survival
of our species operation
cosmic sin is now a go
not there because of space gate
they can bring their army here
what's the status of the cuba if we want
to launch the cue bomb
we need to get into orbit suit's up
that's something huh we didn't know
whether to burn it or put it in a museum
i'm sure they said the same thing about
me
if we leave that door open we're gonna
charge in
we can make this the kill box
we're not gonna wait for them to bring
the fight to us
we're gonna take it to them what we do
here
it's easy
the hard part is living with it
[Music]
oh
who is this we have to get out of here
hello jonathan this
is our future where am i
sammy why don't you show the new guy how
it works
please i can't do it again
all right i'll help the governments have
been using your fears to control the
population
they're weaponizing fear
let's get you hooked up
we need to get out of this place
you